2009-10-20  Duncan Mac-Vicar P. <dmacvicar@suse.de>

  * port to rpm 4.7. Still should work with older versions

2006-10-13  David Lutterkort  <dlutter@redhat.com>

	* doc/patches: apply patches pulled from SuSe and MDK rpms

2004-06-05  Kazuhiko  <kazuhiko@fdiary.net>

	* ext/rpm/db.c (rpm_transaction_check): initial value of 'evr' =
	"" instead of NULL.
	(package_new_from_NEVR): free 'tmp_nevr' after using 'name'.

2004-06-04  Kazuhiko  <kazuhiko@fdiary.net>

	* ext/rpm/spec.c (rpm_spec_build): add rpmts into the first
	argument of buildSpec if rpm-4.2.

	* ext/rpm/db.c (rpm_transaction_set_script_file): use
	rpmtsSetScriptFd instead of rpmtransSetScriptFd if rpm-4.2.

	(rpm_transaction_available): use rpmtsAvailablePackage instead of
	rpmtransAvailablePackage if rpm-4.2.
	

2004-06-03  Kazuhiko  <kazuhiko@fdiary.net>

	* ext/rpm/dependency.c (rpm_dependency_is_satisfy): use
	rpmdsCompare instead of rpmRangesOverlap if rpm-4.2.

2004-05-23  Kazuhiko  <kazuhiko@fdiary.net>

	* tests/test_ts.rb: add 'init_rpmrc()'. build with '--rcfile'
	instead of '--macros'

Sun May 23 20:08:16 2004  Kenta MURATA  <muraken@complex.eng.hokudai.ac.jp>

	* test/test_ts.rb: implements test methods such as
	test_00_init_db, test_rebuild_db, and test_verify_db, and halfway
	implements test methods such as test_add_install,
	test_add_upgrade, test_add_available, and test_add_erase.
	defines some spec file for testing.

Sun May 23 19:06:17 2004  Kenta MURATA  <muraken@complex.eng.hokudai.ac.jp>

	* tests/test_ts.rb: add test case for checking RPM::TransactionSet
	class, but is not implemented yet.

Sun May 23 18:47:13 2004  Kenta MURATA  <muraken@complex.eng.hokudai.ac.jp>

	* tests/test_db.rb: change variable name: @tmpdir to @workdir.
	use fileutils for operating filesystem.

2004-05-23  Kazuhiko  <kazuhiko@fdiary.net>

	* tests/runner.rb, tests/test_db.rb, tests/test_rpm.rb,
	tests/test_source.rb, tests/test_version.rb: new files for unit
	test

	* doc/refm.rd.ja: add an explanation about RPM::Source.new.

Sun Mar 28 00:00:00 2004  YAMAZAKI Makoto <zaki@zakky.org>

	* release 1.1.13
	* ext/rpm/db.c: throw "abort" at the end of rpm_transaction_commit()

Sun Jan 11 02:18:37 2004  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: (RPM::Package#add_int32) int32
	is Fixnum or Bignum.

Sat Nov  1 23:39:19 2003  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fix typo.

Sat Nov  1 23:02:51 2003  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: reflects [ruby-dev:21807].

Sat Nov  1 10:21:28 2003  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: use rb_catch/rb_throw instead of rb_iter_break
	[ruby-dev:21794].

Sun Mar 04 04:50:30 2003  Kenta MURATA <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fix typo.

Sun Mar 04 04:40:15 2003  Kenta MURATA <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: new methods (RPM::DB#close, RPM::DB#closed).
	  apped closed check routine to instance methods of RPM::DB.

Tue Mar 04 10:04:00 2003  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: RPM::Package#rpm_package_get_provides
	                     RPM::Package#rpm_package_get_requires
	                     RPM::Package#rpm_package_get_obsoletes
	                     RPM::Package#rpm_package_get_conflicts
			use librpm function.

Wed Dec 25 14:29:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: RPM::DB#transaction remove frozen db check.
			RPM::Transaction#commit add frozen db check.

Wed Dec 25 03:56:48 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/version.c: use parseEVR() from rpm-4.0.4/lib/depends.c
	for parsing `[epoch:]version[-release]' format string.

Mon Dec  9 15:02:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: RPM::Transaction#install key must be String.
			RPM::Transaction#update ditto.
			RPM::Transaction#available ditto.
			RPM::Transaction#commit 
				add default callback if blokc not given

Fri Dec  6 22:11:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: add RPM::Package#create
        		     add RPM::Package#add_dependency
        		     add RPM::Package#add_string
        		     add RPM::Package#add_string_array
        		     add RPM::Package#add_int32
        		     add RPM::Package#add_binary

Thu Dec  5 14:28:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

        * ext/rpm/db.c: add RPM::MatchIterator#offset
                            RPM::MatchIterator#set_iterator_re
                            RPM::MatchIterator#regexp
                            RPM::MatchIterator#set_iterator_version
                            RPM::MatchIterator#version
                            RPM::MatchIterator#get_iterator_count
                            RPM::MatchIterator#count
                            RPM::MatchIterator#length

Thu Dec  5 10:08:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: add RPM::MatchIterator

Tue Dec  3 17:47:00 2002  Shingo Akagaki <dora@kitty.dnsalias.org>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fix leak.
			remove package cache.
	* ext/rpm/package.c:	remove tag cache.

	* ext/rpm/dependency.c:	add RPM::Dependency#satisfy?

	* ext/rpm/version.c:	use epoch.
				add RPM::Version#to_vre
				
Tue Jun 11 20:41:32 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/rpm.c: add RPMBUILD_* constants.

	* ext/rpm/spec.c: implements rpm_spec_build().

Sun Jun  2 11:51:36 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* lib/rpm/rpm.rb: add some utility class methods to RPM::DB class.

Sun Jun  2 11:06:34 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/spec.c: change rpm_spec_get_build(requires|conflicts) to
	return [] if spec has no build dependencies.

Sun Jun  2 02:46:55 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: fix NULL pointer referenced if
	pkg[RPM::TAG_NAME].nil? is true.

Fri May 31 06:52:13 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/rpm.c: implements ruby_rpm_make_temp_name().

	* ext/rpm/package.c: stop using fmemopen() and open_memstream()
	and using rpm's stream operation as alternative.

	* release 1.1.1.

Fri May 31 01:41:56 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/dependency.c: target -> owner.

	* ext/rpm/spec.c: implements rpm_package_get_build_restrictions().

	* ext/rpm/package.c: implements rpm_package_get__dump().
	rpm_package_get_dump() is not used Marshal.

	* release 1.1.0.

Fri May 31 01:13:44 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: implements rpm_package_delete_tag().

Fri May 31 00:56:50 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: implements package_s_load() and
	rpm_package_dump() for Marshal.

Tue May  7 20:08:57 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/private.h: fixed transaction script file bug.

	* release 1.0.1.

Fri May  3 01:51:53 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/package.c, ext/rpm/spec.c: stop implicit
	path expanding.

	* release 1.0.0!!!

Wed May  1 03:43:31 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: change message when raised.

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fixed argument's proccession in rpm_db_s_init.

	* release 0.3.13.

Mon Apr 29 04:48:51 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/spec.c: fixed that raise SIGSEGV in rpm_spec_get_sources.

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/package.c, ext/rpm/spec.c: undefine dup
	and clone methods in DB, Transaction, Package and Spec.

	* release 0.3.12.

Sun Apr 28 21:25:54 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: in alpha, sizeof(void*) is not equal sizeof(int)...

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/package.c: rb_struct_define...

	* release 0.3.11.

Wed Apr 24 21:55:17 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fix some typo...

	* release 0.3.10.

Wed Apr 24 21:37:31 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: create RPM::CallbackData and RPM::Problem structures.

	* ext/rpm/package.c: create RPM::ChangeLog structure.

Sun Apr 21 19:06:15 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/file.c: fixed that occured SEGV when files was nil.

Sun Apr 21 14:20:17 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: RPMTAG_DIRINDEXES force array.

Sun Apr 21 14:06:43 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/package.c: fixed that occured SEGV when dependencies was
	nil.

	* release 0.3.9.

Sun Apr 21 12:53:04 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/version.c: proceed epoch:version-release.

	* ext/rpm/file.c: fixed that File#symlink? was always true and
	File#config? and more were same as File#symlink?.

Fri Apr 19 23:24:13 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/dependency.c, ext/rpm/file.c: stop undef `new'.

	* ext/rpm/package.c: RPMTAG_PROVIDEFLAGS, RPMTAG_REQUIREFLAGS,
	RPMTAG_CONFLICTFLAGS, RPMTAG_OBSOLETEFLAGS must be array.

	* release 0.3.8.

Fri Apr 19 19:49:38 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/private.h, ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.h: rpm_file_new and
	rpm_package_new_from_header move to public.

	* release 0.3.7.

Fri Apr 19 19:09:11 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/file.c: fix mtime mistake.

	* ext/rpm/package.c: rewrite rpm_package_aref again.

	* release 0.3.6.

Thu Apr 18 19:16:57 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c: fixed memory leak at rpm_db_each and rpm_db_each_match

	* release 0.3.5.

Thu Apr 18 18:15:38 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* lib/rpm.rb: GC.start in RPMdb#close.

	* ext/rpm/db.c: implements package cache.

	* ext/rpm/package.c: rewrite rpm_package_aref.

	* release 0.3.4.

Thu Apr 18 13:07:06 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* release 0.3.3.

Wed Apr 17 23:10:03 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* lib/rpm.rb: fix for mph-get.

Wed Apr 17 22:05:51 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/rpm.c: fixed the constant definitions is not INT2NUMed.

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/package.c, ext/rpm/spec.c: headerLink()
	call is moved to package_new_from_header().

	* ext/rpm/package.c: add Package.open method.

Wed Apr 17 16:05:57 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/file.c, ext/rpm/package.c,
	ext/rpm/version.c: fix some typo.

	* release 0.3.2.

Wed Apr 17 14:39:59 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/version.c: fix bug of parse_version.

Wed Apr 17 12:27:16 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/dependency.c, ext/rpm/file.c,
	ext/rpm/package.c, ext/rpm/private.h, ext/rpm/rpm.c,
	ext/rpm/source.c, ext/rpm/spec.c, ext/rpm/version.c: Init_hoge
	changed to Init_rpm_hoge.

Wed Apr 17 09:57:35 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* cvs repository refreshed.
	* release 0.3.1.

Tue Apr 16 20:18:26 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c: remove.

	* ext/rpm/db.c, ext/rpm/dependency.c, ext/rpm/file.c,
	ext/rpm/package.c, ext/rpm/private.h, ext/rpm/rpm.c,
	ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.h, ext/rpm/source.c, ext/rpm/spec.c,
	ext/rpm/version.c, lib/rpm.rb: new files.

Thu Apr  4 14:28:57 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c: rpm_version_cmp has compared ver1 and ver1...

	* release 0.2.2.

Thu Apr  4 13:33:21 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* release 0.2.1.

Thu Apr  4 13:09:21 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c: rpm_version_s_new and rpm_file_new using
	Data_Wrap_Struct alternative to Data_Make_Struct.

Thu Apr  4 07:00:08 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* release 0.2.0.

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c:

	- rpm_m_init_macros: for initialize macro using macros files.

	- rpm_dependency_new: fix for build(requires|conflicts), and klass
	not substitute bug (TT

	- rpm_dependency_to_s: fix for buid(requires|conflicts), and
	handle PROVIDE and OBSOLETE object.

	- some macros reimplement on inline functions.

	- rpm_package_get_obsoletes: new function mapped to Package#obsoletes.

	- rpm_package_aref: new function unmapped any method, yet. I'll
	map to Package#[] in future.

	- rpm_db_transaction: handle OBJ_FROZEN for non-writable database.

	- Init_rpm: append new constants for Package class and RPM
	initialize routine.

Wed Apr  3 16:27:12 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* doc/Makefile: fix for content negotiation.

	* doc/open-dvi.html, doc/close-dvi.html, doc/hr.html: utility for RD.

	* doc/index.ja.html, doc/index.en.html: new file.

	* doc/index.ja.rd, doc/index.en.rd: new file.

	* doc/ruby-rpm.html.ja: rename from ruby-rpm.ja.html.

	* doc/ruby-rpm.ja.html: remove.

	* ext/rpm/extconf.rb: remove '-popt' from stub section.

Wed Apr  3 11:10:12 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/depend: fix illegal object file name.

	* ext/rpm/extconf.rb: change for stub.

	* ext/rpm/stub.c: new file for debug.

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c: fix some critical bugs.

Tue Apr  2 22:37:08 2002  Kenta MURATA  <muraken2@nifty.com>

	* ext/rpm/ruby-rpm.c: RUBY_RPM_VERSION is string.

	* release 0.0.1.

